Put integration with clangd behind an option (#1552)
NVIDIA/stdexec: CMakeLists.txt

message(STATUS "Build year       : ${STDEXEC_BUILD_YEAR}")
message(STATUS)

> set(INTEGRATE_CLANG_TOOLING ${STDEXEC_INTEGRATE_CLANG_TOOLING})
> 
> if (INTEGRATE_CLANG_TOOLING)
>   # Integrate with LLVM/clang tooling
>   include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/clangd_compile_info.cmake)
> endif()

Reviewer: would this work?
```suggestion
if (STDEXEC_IS_TOP_LEVEL)
  # Integrate with LLVM/clang tooling
  include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/clangd_compile_info.cmake)
endif()
```
